myself yeah you are now the biggest tool
yeah hey everybody we're alive I'm
actually carrying a selfie stick
in South Hill Southern California about
sake like Monday Matt's here's yeah he's
he's he's guilty with it too so
landed last night 1 a.m.
that was nice although I'll say with the
backpack and walking around it feel a
bit like some cool so that kind of helps
that wait a second does Tim Poole use a
selfie stick
holy okay wait alright no getting
up can you guys hear me okay yeah okay
assuming you can hear me I'm just gonna
keep shouting at this and hopefully
strangers will look at me oddly as I do
but
you
Lavanya VidCon I didn't want to leave
like my channel fallow without VidCon
content Hey look at me
unlike some people I know to stream
horizontally that's our gonna cry not
going to say it's Argan crack for them
I'm like looking at my phone but it
right now it's Carlsen but yeah actually
we're heading up to meet with a
vernaculars and I don't know who
else at of all places of all
places and I hop we want a goddamn IHOP
I go to IHOP back in New Hampshire back
there we have real maple syrup this fake
Aunt Jemima discount bottom shelf brand
nope nope when you phoned me the
IHOP the International House of Pancakes
cannot import syrup internationally I
find the hard bleep I don't think so
honestly I think I think every bit like
Walmart like lowest price lowest bidder
hey what is this
Oh mysterious brown goo does it taste
like sugar all right that'll work
let's bring it in so so is it syrup or
is it just right there it is there look
at oh my god Oh here I'm gonna flip the
camera around I don't know if you can be
able to see if the I hops right over
there and clearly there's a line at the
door just waiting to meet vernaculars
look at that I don't know if you can see
it
that is clearly a vernaculars fanboy
line oh yeah you can tell pink shirt
dyed blonde hair yeah that's his
audience that's Casey audience
who are we kidding we're not kidding
ourselves so yeah but yeah jokes aside
Oh how's the trip been so far well I
took off it's six o'clock and I know
your chats going by I'm sorry if I can't
read I see it but it's like walking
a six o'clock p.m. to go from the
airport matches 1:00 a.m. western coast
time arrived here then had to pay a
shuttle driver and off-the-books payment
just to get to the goddamn Ramada Inn
only to discover alcohol sales stop it -
the ahead Nana man good and guess
what then today I went got socks socks
honestly here's the thing fresh socks
when you're traveling are one of the
most hey but I don't think he understood
what I was doing
he's yelling yelling randomly
new socks when you're traveling or the
best things ever but I got new socks
then I went to the liquor store where I
was open again some good craft beer and
I get this this locally made double IPA
Eureka here we go man Eureka bruton
goddamn September there's a 90-day
shelf-life IPAs double IPAs 90 days
here's this thing from September you
know what I drank it anyway
it wasn't bad enough before screaming
and discriminately at it no screaming or
just yellow I'll see you know I was
screaming I was screaming at
housekeeping
that was so yeah because of the coke
toenail clippings exactly yeah
I know this was supposed to be sunny
California where they take things
seriously but god damn it man
those are we gonna get the outta my
shot man Jeremy shot yeah but it's been
nice and sunny and hot soap
here we go but uh yeah we're actually
going to meet with vernacular some other
people now okay I'm going to pay
attention to chat now bother them with
all of you
to me you're damn right he's back oh
wait I guess I lost service yeah huh
okay
uh question again do I go in and make
this luncheon uncomfortable for everyone
by sticking a camera in their face
it's that oh why can't I be Jim Poole
Jim Poole walks around with a perfect
internet connection everyone says make
it come to make a huge scene of myself
listen making a huge scene of myself I
don't need to be told I don't tell you
how to do I like men but here all
right
we're now at IHOP yeah it's like hey big
expensive trip thank you all for
contributing to this trip out to LA I'm
going to I hop